Create a short educational video for Grade 11 ICT students in Ethiopia (MyMarian learning platform).

Topic: Section 5: 2. Python Basics: Getting Started
Unit: Unit 06 - Fundamentals of Programming
Section: 2 Python Basics Getting Started

Key idea: The workflow shows how a Python script is saved, interpreted, run for output, and corrected when errors appear.

Key concepts:
- Core TopicsPython syntax, variables, data types, operators, conditions, loops, functions.
- How to Use This UnitWork through the sections in order. Master the Key Vocabulary before the main content. Attempt each Worked Example independently before checking the solution. Complete the Interactive Tools and Assessment sections to consolidate your understanding.

Lesson content (authoritative — stay accurate and do not add facts beyond it):
This unit covers Programming with Python as part of the Grade 11 ICT curriculum, aligned with the Ethiopian MoE 2023 standard textbook.

Python is a high-level, interpreted programming language that emphasises code readability and simplicity, making it an ideal language for beginners and professionals alike. Python can be executed in two distinct modes: interactive mode and script mode. In interactive mode, the user types Python commands directly into the Python interpreter, which executes each command immediately and displays the result.

py, and then executed as a complete program by passing the filename to the Python interpreter. py. Script mode is used for writing complete programs that consist of multiple lines of code, including variables, loops, conditionals, functions, and complex logic. Unlike interactive mode, where each line is executed immediately, script mode compiles the entire program and executes it from start to finish, producing all output at once.

The print() function is one of the most fundamental and frequently used functions in Python. It outputs text, numbers, or the results of expressions to the console, allowing programmers to display information to the user and to debug their programs by printing intermediate values. The print() function accepts one or more arguments separated by commas and displays them separated by spaces by default.

Ethiopian context to feature (use these specific places, species and initiatives, not generic African imagery):
- Ethiopian Curriculum ContextThis content is assessed in the Grade 11 national examinations. Ethiopian examples, data, and contexts are integrated throughout each section.

Examples to use:
- Example: Python Interactive Mode vs Script Mode # Interactive Mode (at the >>> prompt) >>> print("Welcome to Python Programming") Welcome to Python Programming >>> 5 + 3 8 >>> print("Ethiopia", "is", "my", "country") Ethiopia is my country # Script Mode: save as my_first_script.py print("Grade 11 ICT - Python Programming") print("Welcome to MyMarian Platform") name = "Student" print("Hello, " + name + "!") # Run with: python my_first_script.py

Tone: Clear, warm and encouraging, suitable for secondary-school students. Use simple language.
Target length: About 2 minutes when narrated.

Do not include quiz questions; focus on explaining the ideas above.
